[Music]
exclusive Okay, I have an exclusive, I have
an exclusive Okay, I have some information, I can't
give the name, I can't give the
name, they told me not to give the name,
actually I could, but
my lawyer told me that he prefers that I didn't
Because it's not necessary to give the
name, no, in case I make a mistake
with the name and get involved here, but
really, no, let's see, the move is
next, the move is next, okay, it
turns out that there is,
okay, there's information about who the
tenant from Andorra is, the
lady, the old woman from Andorra with whom
Gref has the lawsuit, first of all, we have to
mention two things, two little lies
that Gref told about it, two
white lies, okay, one that he
didn't manage that property, that
property, of course he
managed it, okay, and the lawyer, a
kiss, Carmen de Otoño, what a rhyme, what a rhyme
you have there, Carmen de Otoño, how are you,
sweetheart? Thank you so much for that, come on, I'm giving you
a kiss, sweetheart. You just
reminded me that this is muted, I don't know,
why, oh no, it's not muted, oh  I have my
headphones on mute, no, I don't have them off, I'm an idiot, of course,
logically, logically, that's how I am, let's see,
gref. According to Mrs. gref's lawyer, what I'm
going to drop at the end is a bombshell,
eh, I mean, I'm going to give you information and
then eh, I'm going to give you information and
then there's one. It's curious, gref was the
administrator of that company but
something happened, they summoned him to testify in
court for this lawsuit and a week
before the trial he resigned as the
administrator of the company. Let's see, the company is
called gref ito. I mean, let's
also start debating about the
company or not, the company is called gref
ito, gref ito slu. He's laughing a little
at all the people. I mean, the week before the
trial, he resigned, he
resigned as the administrator, okay. And then there's
another move and then there's another
important move and that is that the the other thing that
the other lie that gref told was that the
lady didn't pay a little more and he said a little
more and he said it was a quota. Well,
the lawyer denies it.
deny this information too Hi, I'm just
arriving, you already said the exclusive,
I'm on it Fabricio, but with 99
you've looked really bad in front of
everyone. Uh, I don't know if they'll give me the, I don't know if it
motivates me. But anyway, thank you. The tenant has
made the rent payment every
month. But the company gref ito
slu has refused to receive it. The
Andorran justice system is aware of this fact and I believe
that the money, I think it's being
deposited. uh, while
the issue is resolved or not, I believe that the money is being
deposited in the court. Okay. And
now. Now it turns out that there is also a
bit of exaggeration in the image of the
lady. Okay, let's see, from what they're telling me,
this lady, according to what they're telling me,
okay, several different sources,
this lady belongs to a very
powerful family in Andorra, apparently, and I don't know
if there's anyone from Andorra around here who
can confirm this information, but
anyway, several people have confirmed it to me.
uh, apparently. You're going to freak out.
uh. You're going to freak out. Apparently, Andorra is
historically controlled by four families.
Okay, this family in particular.  that
belongs to the lady is
Willy Rex's grandmother just kidding just kidding just kidding just
kidding this family eh is a
very powerful family in Andorra it has
gas stations stores parking lots so what
happens is that the lady is rooted
in that house okay and she really wants to
fight for that house she's going to do everything
possible to fight for that house
this family apparently a kiss luji
thanks hey remind you all that you
can become members eh it would be
good to reach 3,000 members it would be
great eh I think that a Saturday
working here at night I think that
a Saturday here at night bringing
chimes I I think that it would be good to
reach 3,000 members with what I
gave away each one A couple of them would be
luxury the grandmother is from the
Andorran elite Yes yes apparently it is a
family They told me this in addition They
told me this in addition and I realized it
when I was on the street
by the street of the facts asking
the neighbors okay the neighbors didn't
want me the neighbors didn't want to give me
anything they didn't want to talk to me well  They said, "You
're recording me. I don't know if you're
recording me. I don't know what." You're not
saying anything bad to me. No, no, no, no. It's that I don't want to have
any arguments with these people. And there was
someone who, I think, told me that the
lady's son. I don't know if he was a lawyer. He
had another son, or a grandson, who were
journalists too. Okay, so it was as
if people suspected that
the press might go that way, not just the
press articles. And some
of my sources say that this lady or her
family has great power in the country and
a lot of influence in the
media and politics. Gref. Don't
miss a single day of the times you have to
be in Andorra. Don't
be in Andorra to be able to
stay there. You're going to be evicted. You
comply with everything well. One of the sons,
in fact, tells me that I haven't been
able to find out who it is, but well, I think it's
easy to see. But well, one
of the sons is a great
television presenter, in fact, very famous, and well, and
the lady is fighting for society
because she is completely rooted in
that house.  It's where she's lived with her
husband and and so on but let's say the
lady could live in a castle if
she wanted eh I mean the lady could uh
buy the building where Gref lives
Okay and kick him out if she wanted too but
the lady wants that house okay the
former owner in fact who is testifying
against her according to what they tell me is uh
According to what they tell me he's a relative of hers but they
no longer have a good relationship I think that
this person here the owner is the one who
has really messed things up because he
sold the building to Gref and then he
had to turn against her he did
n't care because they don't have a
good good relationship okay And of course here
comes a curious move here comes a
curious move Okay According to what they tell me
according to what they tell me
there I'm not going to give you the name okay I'm not
going to give you the name but recently
well and on many occasions Gref has
had problems with a YouTuber
okay with a YouTuber he has had certain
problems the YouTuber would say to him take take
ID here bang bang bang but finally on
both occasions the other the other
YouTuber who has shot Gref has
ended up collecting
cable  coo cable Not clear what's
happening it's quite likely it's
quite likely that this youtuber
suddenly Carmen welcome a huge kiss
this youtuber suddenly is or belongs
since he moved to Andorra to one of
these four families this youtuber
politically since he moved to
Andorra he meets someone and politically he gets
involved in one of these families it's
family well it's family it's already
family Of course it's already family ially and
this youtuber with whom gref was fighting
but this youtuber has taken cable
after fighting with gref just in
case gref also gets angry not like he was one
of the first to go to Andorra he
recommended to all those who wanted to
move to Andorra
Why Because the real estate agency belonged to the
family and everything stayed at home and all
the youtubers who left pandor
advised them Of course of course you have to be
careful because if you piss off gref
too much it can backfire on you
and if you talk about
gref's companies gref can talk about
yours apart they have companies
investments in common eh Andorra  It's the
elite, right? Let's see, it's a small city, it
's a small city, it's a
small country, okay. And well, there, everyone
knows each other, there are four
powerful families, you know, and in the end, it's not very
complicated. In the end, it's not very complicated either.
[Music]
Oh